So back in the project, I will run the development server here again and of course we don't see anything
here because it's empty and in the app.vue file, I first want to create my data function to return
this data object I'm going to use and in this data object, I now want to track the maximum number of
quotes and I'll set this to 10 as you saw it in the demo
and I also want to set up the array of quotes,
so a simple property named quotes which is an empty array at the beginning or maybe let's start with
one quote to have something to view,
So this is this, just a quote to see something string because each quote shall simply be a string
let's say, to keep this simple.
It could be an object if it had other properties
but here I really only want to have the content,
so why not use a string,
this is my quote
therefore. With that I got the array, I get the maximum number,
well I'd say let's start working on this grid of quotes we saw before.
And for this, I'll create new components,
so in the components folder, let's create the
QuoteGrid.vue file which will hold this quote grid and the quote.vue file which holds a single quote.
I'll work on these two components next.